welcome everyone this is the weekly
policing call its October 7th and as
every week we go through the stuff that
we've been working on and then we
discuss any open kitchen items we have
and every week I dare to start with
myself and as I'm sure that my stars in
the heck Ted so last weekend I spent a
lot of time on the spec stuff so I did a
bit of work on the iPad selectors
examples because there was interest from
some someone from the ipfs weekly call
you stayed liked or something like em
queries on iPad II which is exactly what
I thought is like it's all about but the
spec wasn't that easy to understand if
you don't know about schema so I have
perfectly examples some got merged some
are still review then I worked on the
tag protocol buffers spec that's pretty
close yes I feel about how what we do
with the path thing in the future so
there's an open issue linked from spec
PR where we keep discussing and other
than specs I worked a bit on the rough
stuff the good news is that it looks
like I found someone that also wants to
have tech support and survey who's
working on it so I will support him and
or her and we will then hopefully get
tech support and survey which means we
could just who's playing
hopefully then planes are there for all
the I don't give a damn all the stuff I
want to do yeah that's all I have next
one on my list is Road so when you say
support that person that's gonna be sort
of just showing up and bera king and
saying you need to merge this or is the
other choices to be made
no it's basically
I offered that so basically this is a
person did already OPR once early and he
basically they jumped in and do it again
and I said well I can for example
provide examples or stuff like this so I
just want to busy help out get cool or
making comments on saying oh I also need
this one and so on so we're just busy
supporting in this I said I said I had
to have the time and help right come on
wherever I can
but probably the bike of the work will
be done by Christmas
my my things really minded specs on
schemers we got the copy the copy thing
done so that's using the equal sign for
copy types that's implemented in jeaious
the go stuff is still catching up a
little bit to the reason more recent
spec work so there's a couple other
things that emerged yeah but anyways
just catching up a little question about
that the part schema for a copy is it
literally a copy of the other parts he
met in the cars or does it send his copy
and then it's up to you as an
implementer to say I'm gonna do the copy
work yeah I mean the feedback on that
would be good though because I had been
wondering about does that mean that
everything that uses the schemas has to
do this past to look for copy types
first and is that just gonna be a
headache and is there a better way to do
it and I'm just not sure there is
retaining Lee and enough information but
I mean we could we could actually we
could actually do the copy in the past
and then store the metadata elsewhere
that there's a copy going on that one of
these things is a copy so it's
transparent to the get to the schema
consumer yes so you could have a flag
saying I'm a copy oh yeah
whatever the crucial thing was anyway
that's that something we can consider
because I can see that getting in the
way so Michael as you as you play with
that if that just becomes like this this
special case that has to be handle all
the time and it's annoying let us know
being game actually thinking more about
my little uphill to MPN thing because I
really want to money use it for more
research on mainly the hampster but also
to to really understand better this you
know this cap thing we keep on going
yeah we keep on coming up against what
are the costs of size versus mutation
and how that how do we how do we even
quantify that and and then have grants
is for people that want to you know turn
the knobs on trade-offs because we're
really just guessing and that bothers me
a bit and file coins committed to
branching factor of 32 with their hemp
which might be fine for the file coin
case but it I think it's still a guess
so it'd be nice to have more more data
on that kind of stuff so I really want
to use the NPM data set to do that and I
have been working towards that off and
on and aside from that I'll I'm gonna be
off this week for the next three or four
days four days so not I won't have much
to report next week but I'll be around
and doing a bit because I don't tend to
stop doing things on on vacation so yeah
I'll be around and working but taking
the family up the coast a bit so that's
me cool
um one thing you may want to check out
I'm a repo now called NPM minimized and
it's a broadly compressed Jason object
for all of the releases and every day
and and it's a much more minimal set of
data about the release um so just kind
of the owners the depths that kind of
stuff because you can recreate the URL
for any tarball and it isn't like that
so you don't really need much more so
which is very very pared down you may
want to look at um it could be useful
it's all didn't get LFS and leave that
repo and it updates every day sorry I'm
Phil Ochs lost audio hang on
oh there we go you back again yes okay I
see that now one update one minute ago
okay yeah that's that's been that's been
an interesting challenge actually
because there's way too much information
for each package and exactly what to
pull out that's useful is there's an
interesting question I know there's
stuff I want to use there's stuff I
didn't know I want to make use of for my
own purposes but there's also just stuff
about the package and then as I as I as
I think in you know in a go mindset as
well it's it's really different when
you're dealing with this kind of data is
that they they have to think much more
ahead of time what they want to pull out
you know we in JavaScript we just so
used to just throw everything in a JSON
object and spirit I hope any go they
have no always planning up a heading in
a bill all the structs for all the
things that you want to pull out
well the real pain and it's it's a it's
an argument against just throwing
everything in Jason so yeah trimming
things yeah you need to check out the
data set in yeah it's it's a much more
pair dead version it's just um if I
recall it's like the time that it was
released the version pakka's me
obviously the owners of the package and
in the depths and death depths so like
caper thing was per day yeah there's a
lot of relief what is that is that diff
per day or no no it's one getting our
giant items brought me compressed yeah
yeah so the entire is the entire
registry that day no no every relief
that happened that day so so you'll see
one package and it crossed many of these
files but just different persons and
you're using other functions to pull
that out yep yep it updates every hour I
think it pulls the changes for you down
and yeah and then I have another tool
that's running regressions on it so I
have like some some breakdowns of you
know how many releases per day and per
month and everything that different
people did and different packages or
depend upon but yeah that that could be
useful but if you want you know if you
want to read me if you want descriptions
or tags and things like that you're
stripped all that out yeah um that's
good though look into this oh and
they're broadly compressed with like the
maximum compression setting is it
certainty compressing actually can't
take a little bit because I'm I'm
optimizing with this face cuz at the pay
for it from github um cuz for Elephants
you actually do have to pay for storage
anyway my updates yeah so the the scheme
again refactor is like 70% complete
probably seventy eighty which means that
UNIX is a fee to is about 65 70 percent
so I hope to have that finish this month
actually I did a few other data related
things but mostly I was just sick last
week I was sick like three of the five
days that was mostly what I did as a
result I'm still iterating on that SSD
document um Eric left a lot of comments
in it that I still need to kind of pull
apart and deal with but that's pretty
much all I have for an update today
did we make a commitment to them to get
back to them with that or I don't quite
know but the process is our relationship
relationship and like I want to take a
lot of what we've talked about it and
actually circus isn't them in like a
useful way also Eric is in Japan right
now at Def Con meeting with some of them
so nice to have some follow-up stuff for
me to chew on as well but I think
honestly just even having a document and
talking through it with Eric is probably
going to help him and his conversations
that he has with them over those but
yeah that was like a last minute thing
we sent Eric to Japan so yeah you know
what stuff that was fun okay cool all
right I think we are good anything else
I don't have anything else so then we
were pretty quick and I still hosted the
meeting
good bye everyone